---
title: "Frequently asked questions"
date: 2015-08-19
updated: 2020-12-05
order: 6
categories: about
---
**What is Micro.blog?** — A new social network and publishing platform for independent microblogs, created by Manton Reece.

**What are the paid plans on Micro.blog for?** — Micro.blog is free for basic accounts and paid for extra features. Micro.blog can host your microblog for $5/month, including cross-posting to other social media platforms. If you host your own microblog, you can also use this plan for cross-posting from your external blog. [See this help page](/2018/pricing/) for more details on pricing.

**How do I get the Micro.blog iOS app?** — The app is available for [download on the App Store](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/micro-blog/id1253201335?ls=1&mt=8). There are also several [third-party apps available](/2017/micropub-clients/), including apps for Android users.

**How do I follow other Micro.blog users?** — Check out the [Discover](/2019/discover-timeline/) tab, a curated timeline of recent posts by Micro.blog community members. [See this help page](/2019/finding-people/) for more tips on finding new people to follow.

**What is the difference between `username.micro.blog` and `micro.blog/username`? Shouldn't these point to the same thing?** — URLs with `username.micro.blog` are independent sites, hosted by Micro.blog. They could just as easily be `mydomain.com`. The `micro.blog/username` page has all your posts — possibly from multiple feeds — as well as the Follow button.

**Why do I see all replies in the timeline, even those directed at people I don't follow?** — We wanted to show all replies by default to make it easier to find new users to follow. You can change this setting under Account → Timeline on the web.
