---
title: "JSON API"
date: 2017-02-14
updated: 2020-01-08
description: Custom JSON API.
order: 3
categories: developers
---
The JSON API is based on [JSON Feed](https://jsonfeed.org/), the same format as the JSON versions of the [hosted site feeds](/2017/api-feeds/). Micro.blog adds a few useful fields under an extension named `_microblog`. A response with posts looks like this:

```json
{
  "title": "Micro.blog - Mentions",
  "home_page_url": "https://micro.blog/mentions",
  "feed_url": "https://micro.blog/posts/mentions",
  "_microblog": {
    "about": "https://micro.blog/about/api"
  },
  "items": [
    {
      "id": 123,
      "author": {
        "name": "Manton Reece",
        "url": "http://manton.org",
        "avatar": "http://www.gravatar.com/avatar/d848ac9a3c64d1b73563895892cb2819?s=96",
        "_microblog": {
          "username": "manton",
          "is_following": true
        }
      },
      "url": "https://micro.blog/manton/123",
      "content_html": "<a href=\"https://micro.blog/manton\">@manton</a> Testing testing, hello world.",
      "date_published": "2017-02-24T15:38:50-06:00",
      "_microblog": {
        "is_deletable": true,
        "is_favorite": false,
        "date_relative": "3:38 pm"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

All request should be sent to: `https://micro.blog/`

The following endpoints are supported:

* `POST /account/signin` — Pass `email`, `app_name`, and `redirect_url` parameters to let the user sign in via a confirmation email. Email help@micro.blog so we can enable this for your app. The user can also generate app tokens under Account → Edit Apps. Web apps should use IndieAuth for sign-in.
* `POST /account/verify` — Accepts a temporary email sign-in `token` or an app token and returns an auth token and other details. See [this help page about authentication](/2018/api-authentication/) and [examples here](/2020/account-verify/).
* `GET /posts/all` — JSON timeline for the signed-in user.
* `GET /posts/mentions` — JSON mentions for the signed-in user.
* `GET /posts/favorites` — JSON favorites for the signed-in user.
* `GET /posts/photos` — Photos-only timeline for the signed-in user.
* `GET /posts/media` — Photos + videos timeline for the signed-in user.
* `GET /posts/discover` — JSON for featured posts.
* `GET /posts/discover/[collection]` — Emoji collections, e.g. "books" and "music".
* `GET /posts/[username]` — JSON posts written by the given user.
* `GET /posts/[username]/photos` — JSON posts for photos from a user, including thumbnail URLs.
* `GET /posts/conversation?id=[id]` — JSON thread for a reply.
* `GET /posts/check?since_id=[id]` — Check whether there are new posts in the timeline. The response also includes a suggestion for the number of seconds to wait before polling again.
* `POST /posts/favorites` — Favorite a post. Pass an `id`.
* `DELETE /posts/favorites/[id]` — Unfavorite a post. Pass an `id`.
* `POST /posts/reply` — Post a reply to an `id` with `content` param.
* `DELETE /posts/[id]` — Delete one of your posts, replies, or favorites for the given `id`.
* `POST /users/follow` — Follow user with `username` param.
* `POST /users/unfollow` — Unfollow `username`.
* `POST /users/report` — Report `username` for violating community guidelines.
* `GET /users/is_following?username=[username]` — Check if you're following `username`.
* `GET /users/following/[username]` — List of users `username` is following.
* `GET /users/discover/[username]` — List of users `username` is following that signed-in user isn't. The count for this is in `discover_count` from `/posts/[username]`.
* `GET /users/pins/[username]` — Get pins for user.
* `POST /users/mute` — Mute `username` so you don't see their posts.
* `GET /users/muting` — List all of the muted users.
* `POST /users/muting/[id]` — Modify `is_hiding_other_replies` parameter.
* `DELETE /users/muting/[id]` — Unmute a user.
* `POST /users/push/register` — Register for push notifications. See [this comment on GitHub](https://github.com/hartlco/Icro/issues/5#issuecomment-530878037) for details.
* `POST /micropub` — Posting for a hosted microblog uses the Micropub API. [See the documentation](/2017/api-posting/) for more information about posting.

You should pass an authorization token as an HTTP header. This token can be retrieved via [one of the authentication options](/2018/api-authentication/). This is what sending the HTTP token looks like:

```http
GET /posts/all
Authorization: Bearer 123456789
```

Note: IDs are 64-bit and unique across all posts, mentions, and favorites. Pass `count`, `since_id`, and `before_id` params for paging.
