---
title: "Plug-ins"
date: 2020-07-07
description: Developing plug-ins for Micro.blog.
order: 8
categories: developers
---

Micro.blog plug-ins extend your blog with additional features or customization for themes. [Read Manton's blog post](https://www.manton.org/2020/07/07/introducing-plugins-for.html) for an introduction.

Plug-ins are like lightweight Hugo themes. They can provide all the templates needed for a custom theme, or they can provide just a couple templates, overriding any templates in a built-in design on Micro.blog. Micro.blog applies the plug-in templates after the blog's theme has been set up.

A plug-in needs to have at least one file — `plugin.json` — and it can have other files as needed. The `plugin.json` file describes the plug-in and what parameters or include files it needs.

If a plug-in has a `config.json` file, that file can have only the parameters a plug-in cares about. Micro.blog will first set up any default parameters, then apply the blog's theme parameters, and then apply any extra parameters in the plug-ins configured for that blog.

The basic structure of `plugin.json` looks like this:

```json
{
  "version": "1.0",
  "title": "My plug-in",
  "description": "1-2 sentences about what this plug-in offers.",
  "includes": [
    "/example.css",
    "/example.js",
    "example.html"
  ],
  "fields": [
    {
      "field": "params.photos_use_category",
      "label": "Use category",
      "placeholder": "Enter the category name to include photos from"
    },
    {
      "field": "params.photos_only_microblog",
      "label": "Only include short microblog posts (without a title)",
      "type": "boolean"
    }
  ]
}
```

Only `version`, `title`, and `description` are required. Micro.blog uses the version number to tell the user that a newer version of the plug-in is available. Version numbers usually start at "1.0" and are incremented like "1.0.1" and "1.0.2" for small bug fixes, "1.1" for new features, and "2.0" for major upgrades.

The `includes` field is optional. If present, Micro.blog automatically adds `link` (CSS) or `script` (JavaScript) tags to the blog. The files references in `includes` should also be in the plug-in. You can add them as static files under the "static" folder in the plug-in.

For example, if you want to include a CSS file named "hello.css" in your plug-in, it would be stored at "static/hello.css" and referenced in `includes` with the path "/hello.css".

If you include an `html` file, Micro.blog will load it as a Hugo partial. You can add those files in the "layouts/partials" folder in the plug-in. These partials are included inside the `head` tag of the blog, so they are useful for adding `meta` tags or inline styles and JavaScript.

The `fields` field is also optional. If present, Micro.blog will build a settings screen for the plug-in. Fields can be of type "string", "boolean", or "integer". For booleans, Micro.blog will use a checkbox. If you need to provide default values, set them in the `config` file.

Fields can override some Hugo variables, or add new parameters that are accessible from the plug-in or any other theme. To add your own parameters, use "params." as the prefix for your field name.

Plug-ins can be developed and edited inside Micro.blog with the theme editor, so that you can test them before making them available in the plug-in directory for other users. On the Edit Custom Themes screen, click the "New Plug-in" button to get started.
